Kelley A. McCabe 
Final Assessment
Intro to Web Design 
Professor Saul Baizman 
October 25, 2014

Monique Tervo Design & Photography

Monique McCabe, free­lance designer and photographer is looking to display her portfolio to young professionals and mothers from ages 25 through 40. Her work focuses on child and family portraits as well as weddings, anniversaries, expectant parents and new babies. She also photographs barmitzvahs and Senior portraits.In addition, she is a graphic artist who designs her own invitations, booklets, photo albums and special occasion cards. From a curious eye to a click of a button, the images she produces is unique for each customer. What each customer looks for universally is reasonable pricing, timely production of work, and quality of photographs.
The building of this new site for her business needs to be easy to use without needing to be updated too frequently, and to display her portfolio in a setting that is user friendly and readily accessible. Monique is thrilled for this upcoming project and not only has shown interest in sending work, but already has sent work ready to be displayed. Monique is focusing on building her clientele to produce an increased customer base. She wishes to use client to client referrals as well as advertising in order to produce more work for her business. This will, in turn, increase annual sales. Currently, Monique also utilizes networking with other photographers in order to recruit new customers.
One of Monique’s biggest frustration lies in the fact that her site currently is not adequately popular and in need of updates. Her busy schedule as a teacher as well as a photographer and mother makes it quite challenging for her to fit in all of the necessary changes
to her website.
My plan is to create and improve the website in order to maximally display Monique’s diverse talent and abilities. Using her self­designed logo, I plan to update her main web page to attract young professionals via modern designs and color palette. Using the model of an image gallery will attract customers readily, as it serves as an overview of her work. I will make her work speak for itself in the way it is presented.
